Update website-development.mdx (#216)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: docs/developer/website-development.mdx

First, for simple changes to the website, such as fixing typos, the easiest way is to scroll to the bottom of the page, follow the link at the bottom to send a pull request, edit the resulting page, and issue a pull request.

> For more elaborate changes, including adding new pages, you will need to clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/lf-lang/website-lingua-franca). You can then set up your local clone to provide a local copy of the website by following the instructions in the [README file](https://github.com/lf-lang/website-lingua-franca/blob/main/README.md). This way, you can test your changes before issuing a pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more elaborate changes, including adding new pages, you will need to clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io). You can then build the website by following the instructions in the [README file](https://github.com/lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io/blob/main/README.md). This way, you can test your changes before issuing a pull request.
```
